==<style type="text/css">
pre {
	background-color: #EEEEEE;
	border: 1px solid #999999;
}
</style>==

h2. Jakute Styling Engine - CSS Framework for Flash

h3. References

* "Project Homepage":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/projects/jakute-styling-engine/ (Overview, Features, Documentation, Examples)
* "APIDoc":http://kakenbok.github.com/Jakute-Styling-Engine/apidoc/
* "Downloads":https://github.com/kakenbok/Jakute-Styling-Engine/downloads (ZIP, SWC)

h3. What is Jakute

Jakute is a complete styling engine for ActionScript/Flash applications. Jakute enables you to easily add rich CSS capabilities to your project. Using Jakute you may develop styleable applications basically the same way you would do with HTML/CSS/JavaScript.

h3. Features

* Style your application using CSS
* Load external style sheets
* Set styles programmatically
* Update styles at runtime
* Use states for interactivity
* Use ID and class selectors to filter components
* Use descendant selectors to filter components
* Move components around the display list
* Control styling with style rule specifities and priorities

h3. Quick Examples

Note, the "project homepage":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/projects/jakute-styling-engine/ provides extensive documentation and examples.

p. *Descendant (contextual) selectors*

bc.. Button {
	background-color: black;
}

ScrollBar Button {
	background-color: red;
}

ScrollBar Button.up {
	background-color: blue;
}

ScrollBar Button.up:over {
	background-color: green;
}

p. *ID and class selectors*

bc.. Box.big {
	w: 200; h: 200;
}

Box.big#second {
	x: 220;
}

Box.small {
	x: 30; y: 30; w: 140; h: 60;
}

Box.small#second {
	y: 120;
}

Box#first {
	background-color: #FFFFFF;
}

Box.small {
	border-size: 2;
	border-color: #006699;
	background-color: #00BBFF;
}

p. *States*

bc.. Button {
	background-color: #CCCCCC;
}

Button:over {
	background-color: #DDDDDD;
}

Box:over:down {
	background-gradient: dark_to_bright;
}

p. *Specifies and Priorities*

bc.. Button {
	background-color: black default; // lowest precedence
}

Button {
	background-color: yellow; // overrides default style
}

ScrollBar Button { // more specific
	background-color: red;
}

ScrollBar Button.up { // more specific
	background-color: blue;
}

ScrollBar Button.up:over { // more specific
	background-color: green;
}

Button {
	background-color: grey !important; // higher priority
}

p. *Loading external styles*

p. CSS:

bc.. Box {
  w: 200; h: 150;
  border-color: #CC9900;
  background-color: #FFBB00;
}

Box Box {
  w: 50; h: 50; x: 120; y: 70;
  border-color: #DDDDFF;
  background-color: #00BBFF;
}

p. ActionScript:

bc.. var loader : URLLoader = new URLLoader();
loader.addEventListener(Event.COMPLETE, stylesLoaded);
loader.load(new URLRequest("styles.css"));
...

private function stylesLoaded(event : Event) : void {
  JCSS.getInstance().setStyleSheet(event.target.data);

  var box : Box = new Box();
  box.addChild(new Box());
  addChild(box);
}